you
are you really the founder of ksi uh
yeah oh dear oh dear why would I lie
about something like that no I'm not
that just probably should take that off
that's pretty bad why is that bad um
it's a shitty ass clan dude all your
members are coming here that's an
embarrassment oh really yeah like all
your members are coming here like which
one I go kiss I'm Billy or which guy um
number one let me think nazgul what was
his name before Haskell that mouthful uh
we don't we don't have a que si nazgul
no you didn't but you did before he was
ahead of different gamertag there's
about 20 of them see what chaos is gone
it's gag three yo there you are you the
guy from library of cod reach yeah you
got recognized well actually oh that's
cool now I love your love your stuff
you'll help me beat these dudes let me
know to try to help me because case I
shit talkers I'm going to try to boss
like me to kill our speed is awesome I
don't know if it's on that skull oh
thanks dude he's really weird right
before nobody would I can't I can't do
anything in this game right now but we
got be so do you guys want to do the
work that's fine by me like let him have
see don't don't fall off being basically
you don't want to lose be I got see I
know you're talking about are you funny
watching the killcams I fire the gun and
the gun shoots off to the left and the
dudes on the right damn it oh he's up oh
shit you gotta fucking hit by that yeah
I have flak jacket on I still died
because the direct impact did you yeah
that's one of the YB I'm the only person
I killed you so far
I've had six times I don't think that's
right no I'm like robbers no killings oh
no that's not true at all yeah that's
right mr. either all right this is still
winnable but perhaps i would good
performance yo someone hold someone
needs to hold the top let's are being
problem all right I got the bead cap
they're coming around back could be the
camper one of them quit Alex haha really
wonder why I have a hard time believing
he legit like quit and I swear ksi sib
thanks bro glad you haven't left yet for
the dcg clam therapy they're running
through be though on the bridge oh no
it's not they're coming up please clear
now I got a message said to me I got it
games over anyway haha
oh my god that bounced off you and
killed me this is my worst game ever so
my worst game ever and it's better than
dcg so it had to say ksi and a crew of
randy's beats the dcg clan you guys can
play good oh good this dude's oh my god
you send you a message dead gaming vs
ksi you guys oh fuck is wrong with you
you have to hide behind a protein which
probably isn't even that good oh um
who's nude on top you lost to be
lipstick ASI and a crew of randy's and
you had a six-man team of third of which
rage quits oh my god are you kidding me
are you kidding I'm about oh my god I'm
just laugh at your 300 score for a
minute that you have to kt by don't
forget to don't forget to bring your pro
team over don't talk shit on que si next
time learn your lesson yo Bluebeard you
want an end we still got one guy or
whatever thus lobbies disease fuck this
so done yo fuckin good Gabri vs ksi ?
help click just a challenge our pro team
oh my god yo I said laughing so hard and
I read that bullshit comment oh my god
you would do t straight dashboard it to
Minecraft wait I have to verify this
what's his gamertag let's see dcg winter
XD cg verified playing minecraft
enjoying the view enjoying the view in
Minecraft you know what that means quit
minecraft quit
you